Overlay documentation (#142)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/pages/setup/customize-options.md

In the upstream standalone agentgateway project, you can manage [configuration](https://agentgateway.dev/docs/configuration/overview/) via a YAML or JSON file. The configuration features of agentgateway are captured in the [schema of the agentgateway codebase](https://github.com/agentgateway/agentgateway/tree/main/schema). 

> Unlike in the upstream standalone agentgateway project, you do not configure these features in a raw configuration file when running agentgateway on Kubernetes. Instead, you configure them in a Kubernetes Gateway API-native way by using an {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/gatewayparameters.md" >}} resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike in the standalone agentgateway deployment, you do not configure these features in a raw configuration file when running agentgateway on Kubernetes. Instead, you configure them in a Kubernetes Gateway API-native way by using an {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/gatewayparameters.md" >}} resource. 
```
